Resources/doc/commands/generate_doctrine_crud.rst, before:

Generating a CRUD Controller Based on a Doctrine Entity
=======================================================

Usage
-----

The ``generate:doctrine:crud`` generates a basic controller for a given entity
located in a given bundle. This controller allows to perform the five basic
operations on a model.

* Listing all records,
* Showing one given record identified by its primary key,
* Creating a new record,
* Editing an existing record,
* Deleting an existing record.

By default the command is run in the interactive mode and asks questions to
determine the entity name, the route prefix or whether or not to generate write
actions:

.. code-block:: bash

    php app/console generate:doctrine:crud

To deactivate the interactive mode, use the `--no-interaction` option but don't
forget to pass all needed options:

.. code-block:: bash

    php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --entity=AcmeBlogBundle:Post --format=annotation --with-write --no-interaction

Available Options
-----------------

* ``--entity``: The entity name given as a shortcut notation containing the
  bundle name in which the entity is located and the name of the entity. For
  example: ``AcmeBlogBundle:Post``:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --entity=AcmeBlogBundle:Post

* ``--route-prefix``: The prefix to use for each route that identifies an
  action:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --route-prefix=acme_post

* ``--with-write``: (**no**) [values: yes|no] Whether or not to generate the
  `new`, `create`, `edit`, `update` and `delete` actions:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --with-write

* ``--format``: (**annotation**) [values: yml, xml, php or annotation]
  Determine the format to use for the generated configuration files like
  routing. By default, the command uses the ``annotation`` format. Choosing
  the ``annotation`` format expects the ``SensioFrameworkExtraBundle`` is
  already installed:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --format=annotation

Commit message:

Inline documentation typos RST Documentation updated for the custom skeletons PSR-0 and 1 coding fixed

Resources/doc/commands/generate_doctrine_crud.rst, after:

Generating a CRUD Controller Based on a Doctrine Entity
=======================================================

Usage
-----

The ``generate:doctrine:crud`` generates a basic controller for a given entity
located in a given bundle. This controller allows to perform the five basic
operations on a model.

* Listing all records,
* Showing one given record identified by its primary key,
* Creating a new record,
* Editing an existing record,
* Deleting an existing record.

By default the command is run in the interactive mode and asks questions to
determine the entity name, the route prefix or whether or not to generate write
actions:

.. code-block:: bash

    php app/console generate:doctrine:crud

To deactivate the interactive mode, use the `--no-interaction` option but don't
forget to pass all needed options:

.. code-block:: bash

    php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --entity=AcmeBlogBundle:Post --format=annotation --with-write --no-interaction

Each generated file is based on a template. The command uses default templates
located in ``Resources/skeleton/crud``. To use custom templates, simply put them
in one of the following location, under the same directory structure found in
the default location:

``__bundle_path__ /Resources/SensioGeneratorBundle/skeleton/crud`` or
``__app_path__/Resources/SensioGeneratorBundle/skeleton/crud``

Available Options
-----------------

* ``--entity``: The entity name given as a shortcut notation containing the
  bundle name in which the entity is located and the name of the entity. For
  example: ``AcmeBlogBundle:Post``:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --entity=AcmeBlogBundle:Post

* ``--route-prefix``: The prefix to use for each route that identifies an
  action:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --route-prefix=acme_post

* ``--with-write``: (**no**) [values: yes|no] Whether or not to generate the
  `new`, `create`, `edit`, `update` and `delete` actions:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --with-write

* ``--format``: (**annotation**) [values: yml, xml, php or annotation]
  Determine the format to use for the generated configuration files like
  routing. By default, the command uses the ``annotation`` format. Choosing
  the ``annotation`` format expects the ``SensioFrameworkExtraBundle`` is
  already installed:

    .. code-block:: bash

        php app/console generate:doctrine:crud --format=annotation
